Problem Statement



Jennifer is a university student who is studying computer science. She wants to create a Student Database Management System using for her university project. The system should allow users to perform various operations on the student database, such as adding a new student, updating a student's grades, and displaying student details. 



Jennifer has decided to use algorithms and iterators to efficiently manage the database and perform the required tasks.

Input format :
The input consists of the following format:

Add Student: This option allows the user to add a new student to the database. The student's name (a string) and roll number (an integer).
Update Student Grades: This option allows the user to update the grades of a specific student in the database. The student's roll number (an integer) and three grades (three integers separated by spaces).
Display Student Details: This option allows the user to view the details of a specific student in the database. The student's roll number (an integer).
Exit: This option allows the user to exit the program.
Output format :
The output consists of the following format:



When adding a student, the program will confirm the successful addition of the student.

When updating grades, the program will inform the user if the student's roll number is found in the database; otherwise, it will print a not found message.

When displaying student details, the program will print the student's name, roll number, and grades.

If the choice is greater than 4, it prints the Invalid choice.

On the last line, print the exit message.



Refer to the sample output for the formatting specifications.

Code constraints :
The student name will be a string containing alphanumeric characters and spaces, and its length will not exceed 100 characters.

The student roll number will be an integer in the range of 1 to 10000.

The grades will be three integers in the range of 0 to 100.

The maximum number of students in the database will not exceed 1000.

Sample test cases :
Input 1 :
1
Jane Smith
1002
2
1002
8 9 7
3
1002
4
Output 1 :
Name: Jane Smith
Roll Number: 1002
Grades: 8 9 7 
Exiting the program.
Input 2 :
1
Alice Johnson
1003
3
1002
5
4
Output 2 :
Student with Roll Number 1002 not found.
Invalid choice
Exiting the program.